README.md, before:

![Computer Science Club Website Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/9AHQInk.png)

# Computer Science Club Website

![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=offline-and-polling&up_message=running-and-serving&url=https%3A%2F%2Fhopper.csustan.edu%2F~csclub%2F) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CSClubOfStanState/csclub-website)

The **Computer Science Club Website** is a simple site students 👩🏻‍🎓 can use to quickly find current resources 📗, news 📰, archives 📁 about the CS Club. The page is made using Javascript, Bootstrap 5, and HTML5. This basic page is made to be maintainable and easy to improve upon.

## Installation & Setup 📐

-   [ ] Open using your favorite code editor, no extra steps needed

## Want to Contribute 🙋‍♂️?

Awesome! If you want to contribute to this project, you're always welcome! See [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/CSClubOfStanState/csclub-website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). You can also take a look at [open issues](https://github.com/CSClubOfStanState/csclub-website/issues) for getting more information about current or upcoming tasks. If you have any ideas not already found under the issues tab, feel free to make one too!

## Want to discuss? 💬

Have any questions, doubts or want to present your opinions, views? You're always welcome. You can start discussions inside of our [discord](https://discord.com/invite/8P8KmGydD5)!

## License 📇

Copyright 2022 Computer Science Club at California State University, Stanislaus

Licensed under the GNU General Public License, a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

https://fsf.org/

The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast,
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free
software for all its users. We, the Free Software Foundation, use the
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to
any other work released this way by its authors. You can apply it to
your programs, too.

Commit message:

Ggiande/oss blogpost (#17)
* used cited authors, began oss blog post

Signed-off-by: ggiande <44848977+ggiande@users.noreply.github.com>

* completed oss post

* added readme instructions for first contribution

Signed-off-by: ggiande <44848977+ggiande@users.noreply.github.com>

Signed-off-by: ggiande <44848977+ggiande@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

![Computer Science Club Website Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/9AHQInk.png)

# Computer Science Club Website

![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=offline-and-polling&up_message=running-and-serving&url=https%3A%2F%2Fhopper.csustan.edu%2F~csclub%2F) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CSClubOfStanState/csclub-website)

The **Computer Science Club Website** is a simple site students 👩🏻‍🎓 can use to quickly find current resources 📗, news 📰, archives 📁 about the CS Club. The page is made using Javascript, Bootstrap 5, and HTML5. This basic page is made to be maintainable and easy to improve upon.

## Installation & Setup 📐

- [ ] Open using your favorite code editor, no extra steps needed

## Want to Contribute 🙋‍♂️?

Awesome! If you want to contribute to this project, you're always welcome! See [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/CSClubOfStanState/csclub-website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). You can also take a look at [open issues](https://github.com/CSClubOfStanState/csclub-website/issues) for getting more information about current or upcoming tasks. If you have any ideas not already found under the issues tab, feel free to make one too!

## How do I start helping?

To contribute, look at how to make your [first contribution](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions), then follow the same steps to contribute to this project.

## Want to discuss? 💬

Have any questions, doubts or want to present your opinions, views? You're always welcome. You can start discussions inside of our [discord](https://discord.com/invite/8P8KmGydD5)!

## License 📇

Copyright 2022 Computer Science Club at California State University, Stanislaus

Licensed under the GNU General Public License, a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

https://fsf.org/

The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast,
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free
software for all its users. We, the Free Software Foundation, use the
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to
any other work released this way by its authors. You can apply it to
your programs, too.
